boards/arduino-due: update doc.txt (#21207)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/arduino-due/doc.txt

@ingroup     boards
@brief       Support for the Arduino Due board

\section arduino_due Arduino-Due

## Table of Contents {#arduino_due_toc}

1. [Overview](#arduino_due_overview)
2. [Hardware](#arduino_due_hardware)
    1. [MCU](#atmel_sam3x8e_mcu)
    2. [Board Configuration](#arduino_due_board_configuration)
    3. [Board Pinout](#arduino_due_pinout)
3. [Flashing the Device](#arduino_due_flashing)

## Overview {#arduino_due_overview}

The Arduino Due is a microcontroller board based on the Atmel SAM3X8E ARM Cortex-M3 CPU.
It is the first Arduino board based on a 32-bit ARM core microcontroller.

\image html "https://store.arduino.cc/cdn/shop/files/A000062_00.front_1000x750.jpg" "Arduino Due board" width=750px

## Hardware {#arduino_due_hardware}

### MCU {#atmel_sam3x8e_mcu}

The board features a SAM3X8E MCU (ARM Cortex-M3) running at up to 84MHz.

> It embeds 96kB of SRAM and 512 kB of flash memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It embeds 96 KiB of SRAM and 512 KiB of flash memory.
```
